(calm music)
This is in my opinion one of the most important
topics of modern history, the collapse
of the World Trade Center buildings.
Wars have been fought, lives have been lost,
and nations have been brought to the brink
of bankruptcy while a handful of corporations
have become very wealthy as a result of those buildings
coming down.
The question is, who stood to gain
in their destruction?
Richard Gage is the head of architects
and engineers for 9/11 truth.
There should not be a shred of doubt
in anyone's mind after hearing him out
that all three buildings were taken
down in a controlled demolition,
which means the last decade of war
and the loss of lives and liberty
was based on a lie.
A crime almost too hanous
to consider.
(calm music)
Richard, I've been wanting to talk to you for awhile,
but I have to say that each time I thought
about this subject, I almost fell
into this almost kind of a depressive
state of mind as almost,
why bother?
It's been almost 10 years and what's
so obvious is being completely ignored.
What's another interview going to do?
But I don't feel that way anymore.
Good.
I'm feeling like it's our duty
to pick this one up, and
you and I were talking off camera a moment ago,
and apparently Geraldo Rivera just a few days ago
picked up on it, and has aired.
Tell us what he actually aired in that show,
because this is big, because it's on
mainstream media.
Yes, well Geraldo had one of our petition signers,
Tony Zambondium, a chemical engineer
on for eight minutes with Bob Micklevein,
a family member who lost his son Bobby
in what was an explosion,
but which was denied and he was lied to about it.
Geraldo Rivera at Geraldo At Large
for the first time in God knows
how many years, as you're suggesting,
had 9/11 truth
positively displayed.
He acknowledged that he might be wrong about
the at least building seven,
which he acknowledged about four times
that 1,300 architects and engineers
calling for a new investigation.
Good.
Based on
it's free fall descent, the information
we're gonna be talking about today.
It is just
a breath of fresh air to say the least,
if not stunning to see the mainstream media,
Fox News in particular, pick up this story,
and basically run with it.
Not try to turn it into some kind of a hit piece.
This was really good.
We're all kind of in the 9/11 truth movement
wondering what are they up to?
I know, immediately you can't help
but think, why now?
This information has been available for many,
many years now.
Why now?
But let's not go there.
Let's be jubilant that at least something has made it out
to the public awareness, because so far
people like you have been viewed
marginalized to say the least,
but viewed almost as wingnuts.
Oh, right, you know,
and the conspiracy nets
by mainstream media, and you're anything but.
We're talking about guys who are basically
engineers and architects, and women.
1,300 of you, who all have come to the same
conclusion that it's absolutely impossible
that those buildings came down
as a result of impact that led to fire,
that led to the total destruction and collapse
of these buildings.
All three of the buildings, too.
All three, exactly.
It is extraordinary.
Why don't we just start with
building seven, because that's an easy mark.
Easy mark starting with the fact that a BBC commentator
said and building seven has come down
20 minutes before the building came down.
In this we're talking about advance
notification, and there are other instances of
advanced notification down on the street
too that happened prior to the building coming down.
Can you just talk a little bit about that part?
Yes, well first of all,
I've been an architect for 20 years,
practiced in
large steel framed fire proofed buildings.
The last project I worked on was 400 million
dollars with 1,200 tons of steel in it
in Nevada.
This project went,
forget that.
Four years ago, I became aware of
the 9/11 issue when I heard David Ray Griffin
on the radio talking about these
sounds of explosions heard by
these 118 witnesses that was recorded
by the city chief fire commissioner, Thomas Fonesem.
118 of these
witnesses, first responders were talking
about sounds of explosions,
seeing flashes of light at the onset
of the destruction of the twin towers.
I'm going
wait a minute, I didn't know anything about this.
Let me ask you, had you seen loose
change at that point or anything,
or this was all fresh to you?
All fresh.
I was on my way to a construction site observation,
and this just floored me.
David Ray Griffin, he doesn't sound like a
conspiracy theorist.
No not at all.
He's very believable.
Very respected, yes.
Old, elderly gentlemen, a theologian at that.
He had no acts to grind, right?
I'm going this can't be true,
but he gave a whole bunch of evidence
that we'll be talking about today,
and it all sounded reasonable
in terms of it didn't match the official story.
It didn't match my perception of what I thought
I knew about the destruction of these
three high rises, but I checked it out,
and I just felt like the ground
gave way from under me.
I was just
just stunned.
Talk about that for a moment.
From someone who knew nothing
only moments before and accepted the officials story
to that moment, what were some of the thoughts
going through your head?
It can't be true.
I would have heard about it by now.
Somebody would have talked.
All of the questions that I get as a
speaker with in the question and answer session, and
I guess I was speechless for days,
but I mean, I talked to people who knew
about these things,
and I was just feeling incredulous, you know?
Let me ask you a question at this point.
When you saw the film of these buildings,
millions of people thought geez,
and it was even said by the anchors
that were live at the time the first hour or two,
looks like a controlled demolition these buildings
coming down.
Did that occur to you when you were watching
the original video?
I'm quite embarrassed to suggest that it didn't.
Oh.
I never seen, I've seen a controlled demolition.
Building seven looks like a controlled demolition.
I didn't see building seven
on 9/11.
All I saw was the Twin Towers coming down.
Yes, okay.
And we were told that was a gravitational collapse.
We had never seen one.
We'd never seen an airplane hit a building like that.
What could happen.
We were ready to accept the explanation
of the experts who had pre-prepared explanations
for us, and
we were in a state of shock as well.
I mean, on 9/11, in the morning I'm just going
what am I looking at?
It's not
it's not something I've ever experienced before,
shock like that.
In that state, we tend to want answers
to these painful questions that we're
immediately accosted with,
and so we accept them.
The architecture and engineering communities largely
accepted these.
Four years later, when I heard
this other evidence which was not in the official reports,
which we're gonna be talking about today.
I assembled it.
Within a couple of months, I took it to the firm
I worked for.
We have 15 architects and engineers there.
They thought I was nuts, because I was talking
to them about this.
After they came and watched the presentation
at lunch, I had to bribe them with pizza
to get them there.
They all agreed
with me.
All of them that these are controlled demolitions,
that they didn't know about this evidence.
Why didn't they know?
And then they began to feel like
I felt shocked, floored
hearing this evidence.
14 of them signed our petition.
That was our first petition signers
back at that firm, about four years ago.
Since then it's just been building gradually.
We now have over 1,350 architects and engineers
signed on, demanding a new investigation.
And that's from 30 of the states in the US
and also a few other countries.
Yes,
I don't know the total number of countries,
but it's substantial.
It's substantial.
Yeah, there's 20 or 30 at least.
Okay, thank you for that background,
and let's now go to some of the evidence
that we're talking about, because really
you can't ignore the evidence.
Well, you could try to ignore the evidence,
but it's very difficult to ignore the evidence,
and if one understands that this may be true,
then it has much larger implications which
we will not get into, because that's
not our job today.
It's to get into the evidence.
Let's talk about building seven again,
because that one is the most obvious
once you take a look at the film and such
that this is a controlled demolition,
and we've seen bits and pieces
that have made it into other films
where there were the early responders
talking about it,
and then again I mentioned earlier,
BBC announcing its
the building, not demolition,
but the building collapse prior to it even happening.
That's impossible.
Let's talk a little bit about building seven.
This building
would be the highest building in most of our states.
It's huge.
It has a floor plan
that's about an acre in size,
and 47 stories tall.
It was only smaller as a result
of its perceived smaller as a result of it's
adjacency to the tallest buildings in the world,
but this was a building that was not
hit by an airplane.
It doesn't have the excuses
if you will, the jet fuel
and the plane impacts.
It's a fine example, a case study here,
what happens to it.
At 5:20 in the afternoon, it begins
a sudden precipitous smooth
collapse straight down into it's own footprint,
and at free fall acceleration,
free fall in the first two and a half seconds
of it's collapse.
This building is dropping as fast
as a bowling ball would drop.
From the roof, right.
Yeah,
if the bowling ball has no resistance,
say of air,
and so
how can the building fall that fast?
It means it also has no
resistance.
Now there was an official report put out
on this building, came out seven years later,
and it states.
NIST, the National Institute for Standards and Technology
put out this report
initially stating that it didn't fall at free fall.
If it fell at free fall, that would
mean there would be no structure under it.
Well, after being cornered by members
of AE 9/11 truth, they
finally acknowledged oh you're right
it did fall at free fall for this two and a half second,
they say two and a quarter second period.
That's eight stories, 100 feet.
In other words, for 100 feet of this building's
it's unresisted.
That means every column on every floor
for at least eight floors had to have been
somehow magically removed.
Now fire, the official cause of this building's
collapse can't remove every column on every floor
for eight floors simultaneously.
These columns have to be removed
within a fraction of a second of each other.
Any deviation in that pattern, and the building
will begin to tip, and this is an exact science.
There are plenty examples of
failed controlled demolitions.
Is fire capable of that level of precision?
No, fire is an organic process
that moves through the building every 20 minutes
or so, using up the fuel in that area,
moving on looking for fresh new fuel sources.
When a building does collapse due to fire, we have large
gradual deformations.
The building will fall to the path
of least resistance.
It'll fall over, and yet never before
in history has a steel frame or concrete frame
high rise building collapsed due to fire.
And then, as I recall watching the documentary
that you did, the presentation you did,
office fires generally in the forensics tend to run around
1,200 degrees.
I mean is that kind of average 12 to 1,500
degrees for your standard office fire?
The 600 to
1,500 degrees.
600 to 1,500,
and we're talking melting steel.
Well, let's clarify that concept,
because it's very important.
There's a lot of misunderstanding here.
Steel does not need to melt in order to weaken.
It can weaken at half of it's temperature.
It can weaken to half of it's strength
at about 1,200 degrees.
The fires don't, the steel doesn't get that hot
in these fires.
It's generally fire proofed.
We have no reason for building sevens steel to
get that hot, because it is fire proofed,
and these were very isolated fires.
There's only eight to 10
fires in this building, but the photos
and videos show them to be small and scattered.
Nist claims that the building
was engulfed in fire, and there's no evidence
for that whatsoever.
In fact, the fires were out
fly,
in fact the fires were out in the
area where the initiation of collapse
was said to have begun
about an hour before the collapse began at 5:20.
That pulls the rug out from the official's story
right there.
NIST claims that this raging fire
in the Northeast section around column 79
weakened, well expanded the 50 foot long
steel beams, pushing the gurder off of it's seat
on column 79.
That caused the floors to successively fail, about
10 second before the overall collapse,
and then as these floors failed,
that column then buckled,
column 79, causing the internal cascading
failure inside the building for 10 seconds,
and then the overall building comes down,
and that succession of failures is impossible
for a whole number of reasons.
One, the
the fires couldn't have gotten that hot on the steel
because the
they're fire proofed.
Two, the steel couldn't have expanded,
because they're fire proofed, and they're tied
intimately to the concrete up above.
Three, it couldn't have pushed the girder off of it's seat,
because those girders always have sheer studs
despite the claims of Nist,
and four, even
it wouldn't have caused a collapse
of the
successive failures of these floors,
because of this very redundant,
redundantly designed connections throughout this building,
and even if it had, we wouldn't have had
this incredibly quick, 10 second lateral
migration of failures,
horizontally and vertically throughout the inside
of the building,
and five, if that would have happened, you would of
had large deformations in the
perimeter structure, which we would have seen
in the videos,
Makes total sense.
Which we don't.
None of those things make sense,
from beginning to end.
Then you have a complete failure,
starting with the penthouse up above,
which indicates core column,
and uniform core column through all 24 core column
failure.
One second prior to the overall collapse
of this building.
No, it had to have been controlled
demolitions, and we have in the debris
pile the evidence of incendiaries.
Now why would they use incendiaries?
Incendiaries don't have the large bang
of high energy explosives like C4 and RDX.
Normally used in controlled demolitions.
They don't have the bright flashes.
If they were going to perform a deceptive
controlled demolition, then
you'd expect them to find some alternate
means that wouldn't be such a dead giveaway
of what they were up to.
Thorough might incendiaries
the problem with them though is
they produce several tons of molt and iron,
and that's what we had in the World Trade Center dust.
This is in part documented by FEMA in their
May of 2002 report.
In appendix C they document the only
piece of steel that was saved
from World Trade Center seven,
this girder.
All the rest having been shipped to China for recycling,
which is the illegal destruction of evidence,
even before the report came out in May of 2002,
but this one piece shows,
they say evidence of inter granular melting.
They're documenting the melting of steel.
While steel can fail without melting,
and while the official reports say there's no melting
of steel, the problem is that there's
lots of melting of steel.
It's documented by FEMA.
Hot sulfidation of the steel, intergranular melting,
and rapid oxidation, and even evaporation
of the ends of the beams.
Now none of that fire can produce,
by the way, jet fuel can't produce it either,
even though we don't have jet fuel in building seven.
The first responders find molten steel
they called it, flowing like lava.
Chemical analysis by others,
including Steven Jones, physicist,
a physics professor normally associated with
Steven Jones, a physics professor, formally with
Bringenyoung University.
He finds that this is molten iron.
This is underneath all three World Trade Center towers.
In the case of the, underneath all three sky scrapers.
In the case of the towers,
this substance is actually
seen pouring out of the south tower
about 10 minutes prior to the collapse.
And many of the first responders talked
about this before the official story
was made clear to the reporters
and to the news anchors, which, and then,
which case all this disappeared within the first day.
Yeah, it's a problem.
It not only disappeared from
the stories after the first day.
It disappeared from the record
saved as appendix C which we just talked about.
Yes, and you're again going back just to
basic temperatures, office fires,
600 to 1,500 degrees.
Molten steel, at least 2,700 and above, right?
Yeah, and as in this case,
molten iron, which was used apparently
to attack the steel structure.
There's some molten steel here and there,
but largely this turns out to be molten iron.
Molten iron is not,
iron is not used in steel structures.
Hasn't been for about 100 years,
and so where does it come from?
It is the byproduct of thermite,
this incendiary, which is a huge
reaction between iron
iron oxide, which is basically rust
and aluminum particles.
When they,
under very hot with a very hot ignition,
it starts a reaction which produces lots
and lots of molten iron.
If you had thousands of cutter charges
in the beams,
you would have not only
molten iron being produced,
but something else that's found thoughout
the World Trade Center dust,
this ubitquous layer of four
to 12 inch thick blanket of snow.
It's actually powder.
30% of it is concrete by the way.
Concrete powder.
How do you turn 90,000 tons of concrete
in the World Trade Center towers and building seven
into powder?
And what's in that powder?
Small microspheres of previously molten iron.
That wouldn't happen naturally.
Well you need 2,800 degrees.
Yeah, exactly.
You don't get that in a gravitational collapse.
You don't get that in office fires.
You don't get that in jet fuel fires.
Jet fuel being basically kerosene, a hydrocarbon,
which doesn't burn any hotter than desks or chairs.
These are perfectly round, spherical spheres.
Most of them are about the diameter of a human hair.
They're in all the dust.
The EPA, R.J. Lee,
and environmental firm, uses it as a signature element
in the dust.
This is
direct evidence of temperatures
exceeding 2,800 degrees,
and that in the air.
Under explosive conditions, these cutter charges
would indeed produce out of a spray bottle,
under pressure liquid atomizes itself and
forms itself into spheres because of the surface tension.
This would be tremendously dispersed
under explosive conditions, which apparently we had
in addition to the incendiaries,
explosives which are hurling nine,
10 perimeter wall units laterally
at 70 miles instant speed, 70 miles an hour,
landing up to 600 feet away.
And plumes moving upward as well.
Well, yeah, there's plumes at the top
of the twin towers
that are upward, outward, arching
streamers, pyroclastic like
clouds where these hot gases produce this
cauliflower shapes that
are full of suspended and pulverized building solids.
All the mark of explosives.
Yeah, this is not something that even looks
like a gravitational collapse.
I'm embarrassed to say that it took
me four years to
Well again, by what we're told,
we see what we're told to see.
We're tremendously programmable.
Yes we are.
And this is part of the difficulty of
people facing this evidence.
Once we get people into a
presentation or in front of the DVD where
we lay this out fairly scientifically without any
theories, no political agenda, no conspiracy theories,
by a show of hands in these groups
of people we present this to,
100 to 700 throughout the world,
80% of them to 90% of them
end up agreeing with us that yes,
this evidence seems real.
Yes, it's indicative of a controlled demolition.
Yes, why didn't I hear about this
before?
Many of them will end up signing our petition.
It's the people that aren't willing to face
this evidence, to look at it,
and there are a number of those people
who just wanna call us names,
like conspiracy theorists.
Those are the people that are
not reachable with this evidence.
Right, because the mind can't be opened
for some reason,
and it has to do with beliefs and a lot of things.
All of us know people who can't contend
with this kind of information.
And that evidence is
as simple as for instance, there's 110 floors
in each of these towers.
They're each an acre in size, the twin towers floors.
Wouldn't we in a gravitational collapse
expect to see about 110 stacks of
concrete over 22 gage metal decking
over about 10,000 floor trusses
all together.
Would we expect to see those in a 20 story heap
down at the bottom?
In the debris, of course, yes.
That would be a natural expectation.
What are we seeing in the photographs though?
A two story pile of
core columns, perimeter columns, aluminum clatting,
miscellaneous metal.
There's very little concrete.
You can't see it in the photographs in fact.
There's so little of it.
Where did it go?
It's being pulverized in mid air,
90,000 tons of it,
and we know where it went.
It went in all of that dust,
which comprises 30% of the powder really
is what it is.
And when you look at some of the video,
what we see also are some have called
them squiffs or perhaps mistimed
explosions that happened
WTC one and two in the towers,
and you're looking at essentially,
windows blowing out with plumes
of explosive dust, blowing out
in the windows below where the impact
had occurred, where there was any fire,
and any other disturbance at that moment.
It hadn't impacted down to that level yet.
It hadn't
what do you call that when you're collapsing
in on itself?
That debris hadn't reached that point where
these explosions were blowing out
all down the building.
Yeah, well what we're told is that
these are puffs of air,
and by the way they occur 20 40
and even 60 stories down below this
so called crush zone.
Crush zone, that's what I was
looking for.
These puffs
of air are supposed to be the result
of massive quantities of air being pushed
down through the elevator hoistway
by this 10 to 15 story section up there.
Impossible with an intact buffer of 20, 40, 60
floors.
Well, that's certainly an argument, yes,
but also they're not puffs of air.
No.
They're pulverized building materials.
You can see the solids,
and they're occurring
at the midpoint, in the middle of the fasad.
If you had tremendous quantities of air
coming down to the hoistway,
it would fill these wide open spaces
which these floors were with
air pressure, and if it blew out any of these windows,
it might blow them all out,
but not these highly focalized
geometrically precise violent ejections
that are obviously an engineered pattern.
More importantly than any of that,
it turns out that there is no 10 to 15
story section of
World Trade Center north tower above
the point of jet plane impacts.
We're told that drove the rest of the building
down to the ground, but in the first four seconds
it's destroying itself.
It's like a mini controlled demolition.
It's telescoping in on itself
before there's any motion downward.
It has destroyed itself in the first
four seconds with bands of explosions
just like the first responders reported
in these 118 cases.
All the way around the building, wrapping like a belt,
all the way around the building,
and they would say, pop pop pop
at the beginning, and this is all highlighted on
our DVD, these different quotes.
After that first four seconds
what we see, very clearly in the videos is
the building tearing itself apart,
and that occurs, just like the mini controlled demolition
above, it occurs almost at free fall acceleration.
The buildings are destroyed in about a dozen seconds.
This is incredible.
The rate is
10 floors per second almost.
This is amazing.
You can't even clap your hands that fast.
It's being self consumed,
and we see racing down below the crush zone
in addition to these isolated plumes,
these waves of explosions that are actually
traveling faster down the building
than the free falling debris next to it
at times that's how fast those
explosions are going of.
In the South tower they're completely uniform
around the south tower, even though
this building has fallen 22 degrees at an angle,
and one would expect that
to continue and fall on the ground in some mangled
heap, but it doesn't.
It's uniformly distributed in a 1,400 foot radius,
about each of the
twin towers, and we have asymmetrical damage from
the airplanes, asymmetrical damage from the fires,
asymmetrical loading from this
off center structure, and yet looking
down below we see complete symmetry,
bands of explosions traveling at two thirds
of free fall acceleration straight down the building.
And again, how many people,
I don't remember now the number of witnesses on
the ground that talked about this,
but even one of our interviewees totally
unrelated to the subject, happened
to be there on that day, and
said the exact same thing.
They heard the explosions as well,
and so, I mean this is well documented.
It's just not in anything official.
That brings up a question, and there
are many other factors, and I really highly
encourage everybody watching this
to get a copy of the DVD and look
at this evidence for themselves, show to anybody
with an open mind, because we're coming
up on the 10 year anniversary of this event.
We absolutely need to re open this investigation.
It needs to be looked at with fresh eyes,
demanded.
This brings me to the question,
who are these people at NIST,
National Institute of Standards and Technology?
How could they have been
wrong about the forensics in every single
area that was looked at?
Because you have certain
protocol you have to go through to look at
to determine what would indicate
a demolition job, and via explosives,
and all three buildings have the hallmarks
in every single case.
None of them have the hallmarks
of a building as you say that is gravitational
collapse due to fire, none of them.
Who are these people NIST?
This is fraudulent.
It sure is, and we're calling for a federal grand jury
investigation by US attorney general, Eric Holder,
of the key individuals at NIST, Shawn sundered
the lead investigator and also,
John Gross, the co project leader.
I don't know about their histories and specifically
who they are.
We do know that they are lying.
We have several
in public appearances they are caught lying,
both of them.
John Gross in terms of his abject denial
of the evidence for extremely hot temperatures
exceeding the melting point of steel.
There are so many problems throughout
these reports.
The biggest one is that they started
with a predetermined conclusion,
that is that these buildings came down
by office fires, and in the case of the Twin Towers,
jet plane impacts as well.
Then they bend over backwards, manipulating
their computer input data, which they will not
release by the way
after a FOIA request, Freedom of Information Act,
citing that in the case of building seven
that this could jeopardize public safety,
that's the reason that they
are not releasing this.
Well this building has been destroyed.
How can it possibly?
Exactly.
In fact it's worse.
If this information is not released, it could
jeopardize public safety.
After all, a fires brought building seven down,
and then
then fires could bring some other high rise down.
All our buildings may be in jeopardy of falling
at free fall acceleration after burning
for four or five hours.
It's a huge problem that's not acknowledged
But the removal of evidence
and the covering up of their findings,
all of this is part of this.
Really what's turning into a rather sinister story.
Yeah, it requires a criminal investigation, and
just like criminal investigations, we wanna know who
had the means, the motive, the opportunity.
Who benefited?
And follow the money.
These are the kinds of questions that enterprising
journalists should be asking, and
largely they're not, or they're not being
reported on the mainstream media.
That in and of itself is evidence
of a cover up, the fact that this rock solid
scientific forensic based evidence is
not even given
such as for instance, we didn't even mention this,
throughout the World Trade Center dust
we have small red gray chips
of nano thermite composite explosives.
Yes.
This is explosives.
What's it doing there?
It should not be there.
This is a fascinating story about a couple
of year ago.
This small team of international
team of scientists found in all of their dust samples
these hundreds of these small red gray chips
a 16th of an inch long, some of them.
Others were smaller, and
in each of these cases they have the same
make up.
What is that?
Small particles of iron oxide and aluminum powder,
that's thermite.
They're in the proportion to each other
to make up thermite,
but these particles are so small
thousand times smaller than the human hair diameter.
These are nano scale particles,
nano engineered intimately mixed,
set in a bed of organics, a matrix of silica oxygen
and carbon.
This is
an extremely sophisticated material, and it blows
up by the way when it's heated up to about 420
degrees centigrade.
What does it do when it ignites at that temperature?
In the heater, it releases
tens of thousands of very small iron
microspheres.
Now these small iron microspheres have the exact
same chemical make up as that
as those found the USGS throughout all
the World Trade Center dust.
We know where all those spheres came from
all of a sudden, from all of those chips,
and all of those incendiaries.
Those would be like unignited
chips.
This chips are unignited.
The spheres are evidence of
the ignited chips
Of the ignited.
And the chips are found with the spheres attached
to them in many of the samples.
This is extraordinary compelling, iron clad evidence
that well at least
that there were incendiaries,
high tech incendiaries, and maybe explosive
incendiaries, because these materials, these
pyrotechnic materials can be engineered to become
explosive.
This is documented by Lawrence Liverm,
or lab Los Alamos lab,
in the late 1990s.
It's not some mystical thing.
How long would it take?
People listening right now, our viewers are wondering
how long it would take to actually engineer
such a demolition in these buildings.
It would take dozens of people,
men, workers, months to
put together.
This didn't happen in an afternoon.
How would they get access for instance
in the case of the
Twin Towers
One would have to
assume they must be working at night.
Well, not really.
It turns out if you had access to the core
column, to the elevator shafts in the Twin Towers,
you would, that would give you access to the
core columns and beams, because
all of the core columns
are grouped around the elevators
in the Twin Towers.
You don't have beams and columns rising through
the office space.
It wouldn't even necessarily,
there would even necessarily be a red flag to anybody
that's an occupant of that building if you have workers
coming and going, and working around the elevator shafts.
Especially if you had the largest elevator
modernization going on in history, which we did.
The nine months prior to 9/11.
Ace Elevator
had this contract.
Good point.
We're looking for an investigation
into Ace Elevator, as well as the security company.
Securecom and Stratosec, which
had the security contract up until
the day of 9/11, interestingly enough.
By the way those elevator employees scattered
after the first plane hit.
They are normally bound to help the
firefighters rescue the victims.
They're experts in those vehicles,
the elevator cabs, but
it was a scandal.
USA documented their fleeing the site
shortly after 9/11.
This was documented.
We certainly need an investigation
that's broader than just the buildings,
the security company, the elevator company.
There were some other issues
that were taking place with insurance policies,
and so forth just prior to it.
There were other economic factors involved, and
you're right, everything needs to
come up for review now,
and it is, even just sitting here
I started listening to these other reports
within minutes after the buildings went down,
and I felt fairly clear, almost immediately
that this was inside job.
It didn't ring true for me.
None of it I was hearing on the news
was ringing true.
Nonetheless, even sitting here talking with you
over nine years later, it still puts my stomach
in a knot to think that it has not been revealed.
It has not been dealt with,
that the course of history, our history globally
has been changed as a result of this,
the bringing down of these buildings,
and yet this feeling, this tense feeling of
what now?
What now?
Yeah, what now?
Well for four years we've been screaming
in the wind, if you will, trying to wake up
architects, engineers, and others.
What we're involved in is a grassroots movement
that's not receiving air time in the media,
which by the way is owned by six corporations,
90% of it.
Who sits on the board of directors of those
corporations by the way?
The same individual sitting in the boards
of the corporations in the arms industry,
the oil industry, the banking industry,
the insurance industry.
These industries profited enormously from 9/11,
and should be benefited as part as a,
should be investigated as part of
the quebono here.
Forgot what I was gonna say.
What now?
The what now part.
This is a grassroots movement,
and it's growing by millions every year,
and we're getting no help from the mainstream media.
We're asking everybody to do something.
What can people do?
A number of things, one,
get informed first of all.
The internet is a source of information
that you're not going to see in the mainstream media.
We're asking everybody to send the AE 9/11 truth.org
link to every architect and engineer in your community,
and everybody else that you know.
This is growing by leaps and bounds,
but it needs to grow
it needs to grow a lot faster if we're gonna have
change.
Are we opening a new
investigation?
Yeah
Yes,
there's nobody in Congress for instance,
calling for a new investigation
openly, outwardly we have Dennis Casinage,
Ron Paul who have supported a new investigation.
Nobody can stick their necks out.
This is a taboo subject for some reason,
probably because of all the pain we all endured that day.
It's criminal beyond most of our comprehension.
It seems to be.
We're here as technical building professionals
to support any investigation that can get going,
internationally, if Congress is
going to fail to act.
We need to,
again, I'll say this.
We got a link on the page so people can come
to the site, get the videos, and start having
living room gatherings, even if you have an open minded
community, library gatherings, and public showings
of this video, and begin demanding
that the subject be addressed.
We'll come to any city and speak.
Generally there's 100 to 700 people
at a gathering, and
again we'll motivate 80% of those who
were previously skeptical of our position
to agree with us.
That's an extraordinary show of
a reality check.
Yes, it is.
It really, really works.
The hardest reality check I think on an emotional
level, certainly for me and a lot of others
is that knowing this was a sham from the beginning
what we have done to ravage the planet
on every level, to ravage the citizens
in Afganistan and Iraq,
and everything that has played out and been
rolled out by these same players that you're talking about.
The lives that have been lost, the young
soldiers who have gone over there with
an open heart, thinking they're doing the right thing,
that's I think why this gives everyone such
a knot in their stomach.
We can never undo the damage
that's been done, but we can certainly
try to address it now
and call a halt to this before any other
anything else can be rolled out in it's name.
This is a time when America is calling
forth it's true patriots.
Not it's false tea party
patriots, but those who are willing
to stand up, face the facts, and 9/11,
well, the buildings, the drops,
the destruction of these high rises
on 9/11 is only one piece of the 9/11 pie.
There are so many other
Yes there are.
Almost every part
of the official story
This is the symbolic
piece though.
This is the piece that can bring the rest of it together
for most people more easily I agree,
but 9/11 itself is only one of the major
problems in our society.
As you become aware of 9/11 you become aware
of so many other rabbit holes if you will,
and we don't discuss those at AE 9/11 truth.
Others have become experts on these,
but we realize how important it is for all of us
in whatever arena we find ourselves called to speak,
to speak the truth, because once we do that
we become empowered, more awakened,
and it's really a revolution of consciousness.
That's why it will be a peaceful revolution,
because it's an awakening that's happening,
and once enough Americans become awake
to these so called conspiracies,
then they,
my guess is they'll throw every incumbent
out of Congress and start over.
We can only hope that that
becomes true, and meanwhile
I just want to thank you so much for
all of your efforts these years,
for going, and I know that you've
must of been up against some resistance.
I don't know if you've had harassment
of any kind tossed your way,
and what you've experienced personally as
a result of taking this on, but
I'm deeply appreciative that you
and the others who have chosen to speak up,
the other architects and engineers have taken this on,
because I think it does have to come from
this calmer point of view, which is just look at the facts
and then we'll start unraveling the rest of the mess.
Yes, it's important that we do that,
and I'm here to help.
Thank you Richard.
Thank you.
Please look into this for yourself.
You can find the DVD through AE 9/11 truth.org.
When you do look into it, there can be
no question as to what occurred.
Then the question becomes, what do we do
now that we know the truth?
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(calm music)